 Please review our Rules and Policies, which are part of the User Agreement and outline conduct that is prohibited on the Services. You may use the Services only in compliance with these Terms and all applicable laws, rules and regulations. X takes enforcement actions when Content or user behavior is in violation of our Rules and Policies or in relation to sensitive media. You can review X’s enforcement options and how you can appeal our enforcement decision here.
The Services evolve constantly. As such, the Services may change from time to time, at our discretion. We may stop (permanently or temporarily) providing the Services or any features within the Services to you or to users generally. We also retain the right to create limits on use and storage at our sole discretion at any time. We may also remove or refuse to distribute any Content on the Services, limit distribution or visibility of any Content on the service, suspend or terminate users, and reclaim usernames if it is appropriate, including for the following reasons: (i) protecting the Services or our users; (ii) compliance with applicable laws or orders from competent authorities; (iii) breach of these Terms or our Rules and Policies or third parties' intellectual property or other rights; (iv) if you or your Content exposes us, other users or any third party to legal or regulatory risk; and/or (v) your prolonged inactivity. 

In consideration for our granting you access to and use of the Services, you agree that we and our third-party providers and partners may place advertising on the Services or in connection with the display of Content or information from the Services whether submitted by you or others. We also reserve the right to access, read, preserve, and disclose any information as we reasonably believe is necessary to (i) satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request, (ii) enforce the Terms, including investigation of potential violations hereof, (iii) detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues, (iv) respond to user support requests, or (v) protect the rights, property or safety of X, its users and the public. We do not disclose personally-identifying information to third parties except in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Certain services or features may be offered on X for which additional terms and conditions may apply in connection with your use of those services. These additional terms are accessible from our sites and applications dedicated to these services or features. By using or paying for any of these additional services, you will have to agree to any additional terms applicable to those services, and those additional terms will then also become part of our agreement with you. If any of the applicable additional terms conflict with these Terms, the additional terms will prevail while you are using those services to which they apply.
If you use paid features of the Services, you agree to the applicable Terms for Paid Services (https://legal.x.com/purchaser-terms.html).
If you use developer features of the Services, including but not limited to X for Websites (https://developer.x.com/docs/twitter-for-websites), X Cards (https://developer.x.com/docs/twitter-for-websites/cards/overview/abouts-cards), Public API (https://developer.x.com/docs), or Sign in with X (https://developer.x.com/docs/authentication/guides/log-in-with-twitter), you agree to our Developer Agreement (https://developer.x.com/developer-terms/agreement) and Developer Policy (https://developer.x.com/developer-terms/policy). If you want to reproduce, modify, create derivative works, distribute, sell, transfer, publicly display, publicly perform, transmit, or otherwise use the Services or Content on the Services, you must use the interfaces and instructions we provide, except as permitted through the Services, these Terms, or the terms provided on https://developer.x.com/developer-terms. Otherwise, all such actions are strictly prohibited. If you are a security researcher, you are required to comply with the rules of our Vulnerability Reporting Program (https://hackerone.com/x). The requirements set out in the preceding paragraph may not apply to those participating in our Vulnerability Reporting Program.
If you use advertising features of the Services, you agree to our Master Services Agreement (https://ads.x.com/terms). 