Home
                Tools
                BEA Data Application Programming Interface (API)
            
        
        
                
                
                    Note to users: Our API is now hosted on a new subdomain: https://apps.bea.gov. API users must use this new subdomain to retrieve data.
                    What is it?
                    The data API provides programmatic access to BEA published economic statistics using  industry-standard methods and procedures. BEA's data API includes methods for retrieving a subset of our  statistical data and the meta-data that describes it.
                    The data API and its documentation are  for programmers who are familiar  with the concepts and techniques of retrieving data from Web Services.
                    What is available? API User Guides 
                    
                        
                            
                                 UnderlyingGDPbyIndustry New
                                 Underlying Detail estimates of value added, gross output, and intermediate inputs by industry. 
                            
                            
                                 InputOutput 
                                 Make and use tables, direct requirements, and total requirements statistics. 
                            
                            
                                Regional 
                                Detailed income and employment statistics by state, county, and metropolitan area. Detailed GDP statistics by state and metropolitan statistical area. Price parities statistics by state and MSA. 
                            
                            
                                 NIPA 
                                 NIPA tables with options. 
                            
                            
                                 NIUnderlyingDetail 
                                 NI  Underlying Detail tables with options. 
                            
                            
                                 FixedAssets 
                                 Fixed Assets  tables with options 
                            
                            
                                 ITA 
                                 International  Transactions dataset by indicator, area or country, frequency, and year 
                            
                            
                                 IntlServTrade
                                 International Services Trade dataset by type of service, trade  direction, affiliation, area or country, and year 
                            
                            
                                 IntlServSTA  New
                                 International Services Supplied Through Affiliates dataset by channel, destination, industry, area or country, and year 
                            
                            
                                 IIP 
                                 International Investment  Position dataset by type of investment, component, frequency, and year 
                            
                            
                                 GDPByIndustry 
                                 Estimates of value added,  gross output, intermediate inputs, KLEMS, and employment statistics by industry 
                            
                            
                                 MNE 
                                 Direct Investment by  direction of investment, series, classification, year, country, and industry;  and activities of Multinational Enterprises (MNE) by direction of investment,  ownership, bank/non-bank, series, classification, year, country, industry, and  state. 
                            
                        
                        
                    
                
                
                        
                            Register
                        
                        
                                Please provide your name (or organization name), a valid email address, and agree to the published terms of service.