About Us
                  Careers
                  Benefits
                  Location
                  New Employees
                  View Open Positions
            
      
       
            
             
             
            
            
            
            
                        
                              Come be a part
                              of BEA
                              
                        
                        The U.S. economy is complex, diverse, dynamic.To understand it, Americans need the Bureau of Economic  Analysis. We take the economy's vital signs – how big, how fast, how it's  changing. From national  indicators to local insights, our statistics help businesses, leaders, and  people everywhere see trends, find opportunities, and make smart decisions.
                                                      If you're passionate about a career that makes a  difference, take a closer  look at BEA and apply today.
                        
                  
             
             
             
             
             
             
            
            
            
            
                        
                              Room for Everyone
                              to Shine
                              
                        
                        
                                    
                                    Though our influence in the world of economics looms large, we're a relatively small bureau. At BEA, you'll have the chance to really know and work with leaders. You can volunteer, join groups, make friends, and always keep growing and learning.
                                    
                                    
                              
                       
                  
             
             
            
            
            
            
                        
                              One of the
                              Best Places to Work
                              
                        
                        
                  
            
             
             
            
            
            
            
                        
                              A State-of-the-art workplace
                              just outside D.C.
                              
                        
                        
                        
                                    
                                    BEA's offices sit amid the grassy, wooded campus of the Suitland Federal Center in Maryland,  just outside Washington, D.C. Our award-winning, environmentally responsive  building features ample natural light, a walking trail, and an entrance adjacent  to the Suitland Metro Station. We offer transit benefits for commuters, as well  as free parking, carpools, and vanpools.
                                    
                              
                  
             
             
            
            
            
            
                        
                              Ready for your
                              First Day?