 Why do our services use these technologies? Cookies, pixels, and local storage work to operate and support our business, and to help provide you with an improved experience. They're used across the following categories: Authentication and securityFunctionalityUser preferencesAnalyticsResearch and developmentPersonalized contentAdvertisingMarketingPersonalization across devices Within each of these categories, cookies, pixels, and local storage help us: Authentication and security Authenticate your X access to show you relevant content. They also help prevent unauthorized parties from accessing your account. We use these technologies to: Log you in to X and our services.Help protect your security and the security of our services.Let you view content with limited distribution.Help us detect and fight spam, abuse, and other activities that break the X Rules. Functionality Deliver error messages, allow you to switch between accounts, coordinate our service across tabs in a browser, and provide certain features on partner websites.  User preferences Remember information about your browser and your preferences. Analytics Improve and understand how people use our services, including buttons and widgets.Optimize your experience by understanding how you interact with our services, like when and how often you use them and what links you visit, and from where. (We may use Google Analytics to help us with this.) Count the number of people who have seen a particular post, embedded posts, buttons, or timeline. Learn more. Research and development Gather data about how you use our services, including how our services perform. This helps us detect issues, understand where we may improve, or develop new products or services.Test updates to X services, as well as build new features, functionality, and services.  Personalized content Personalize our services in areas like trends, stories, ads, and suggestions for people to follow with more relevant content. We also use: Local storage to tell us which parts of your X timeline you've viewed already so that we can show you new content.Cookies to suggest who you might enjoy following based on your visits to websites with integrated X services. Advertising Personalize ads and measure performance, like showing you ads and evaluating their effectiveness based on your visits to our ad partners' websites. This helps advertisers provide you with high-quality ads and content that may be more interesting to you. We'll also: Deliver ads, measure their performance, and make them more relevant to you based on criteria, like your activity on X and visits to our ad partners' websites.Work with third-party advertising partners, including Google, to market our services. Marketing Deliver our email and web marketing campaigns and to understand our marketing effectiveness. Personalization across devices Understand which devices you used so that we can personalize your experience on all of your devices. Keep in mind, if you ever log in to X with your device, we associate and will continue to associate that device with your account. This means whether or not you're logged in, we'll receive information about your device(s) when information is shared by a partner, you visit twitter.com or third-party websites that integrate X services, or you visit a X advertiser's website or mobile application. Most commonly, IP addresses and the time we receive the data, are used to link that specific device with you.  To see more about the devices and web browsers associated with your X account, take a look at Your X Data when you're logged in and when you're logged out of your account.  